the US ambassador addressing the United
Nations General Assembly thank you Mr
President during a meeting calling for
humanitarian truce between Israelis and
Palestinians and at almost exactly the
same moment Israel began some of its
most intense bombardments of Gaza it's
unclear if Israel timed that and the
subsequent blackout of Gaza to coincide
with the UN meeting at that meeting an
amendment sponsored by Canada and the
that would have added language
condemning Hamas was voted down draft
resolution but the 193 member General
Assembly passed the main resolution is
adopted authored by Jordan and the Arab
group it calls for an immediate truce
release of all civilians and the
uninhibited flow of humanitarian
supplies into Gaza the US was the only
major world power that voted against it
but even with the overwhelming support
it's unlikely the resolution will mean
an end to the war resolutions adopted in
the general assembly are non-binding
meaning that Israel can just ignore it
without many repercussions as they've
done in the past nevertheless the
Palestinian Ambassador spoke after the
vote was taken and he said Israel should
be held accountable because the world
has spoken the general assembly
prevailed and sent the appropriate
message not only to the Palestinian
people that there is Justice and
fairness and international humanitarian
law uph holded by the general assembly
but also it send a message to everyone
enough is enough this war has to stop
the Carnage against our people has to
stop three weeks into the conflict and
finally the UN has spoken a clear signal
the majority of the world wants a
bombardment of Gaza to end oando Al
jazer at the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer